Adds Capture to the Raycast extensions store (#2391)
raycast/extensions: extensions/capture/README.md

# capture

> Quickly capture to your Capture Inbox with Raycast.

Reviewer: This reads a bit weird to me, but again I'm not a native english speaker 😅 I guess this relates to your Capture nomenclature. After I watched your video I was wondering if it wouldn't make more sense to call it "Create records in your Capture Inbox with Raycast" ?

Reviewer: Or at least add "new record" to the sentence. "Quickly capture new record to..."

> Quickly capture to your Capture Inbox with Raycast.

Reviewer: For consistency
```suggestion
Quickly create records in your Capture inbox with Raycast.
```
